#issue 7/angular integration (#45)
MaibornWolff/mwui: mwui-angular/README.md

# The Liberation Machine

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@maibornwolff/mwui-angular?color=blue)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@maibornwolff/mwui-angular)

# The Liberation Machine

## MWUI - Angular Integration

#### Angular

> To use the Design-System import `MwuiComponentLibraryModule` in `app.module.ts`:

Author: ```suggestion
To use the component library import `MwuiComponentLibraryModule` in `app.module.ts`:
```

## MWUI - Angular Integration

#### Angular

> To use the Design-System import `MwuiComponentLibraryModule` in `app.module.ts`:

Reviewer: picky, but let's refer to "component library" instead of Design-System (as this is a term for the whole thing)
